STM32 SPI: rework FIFO usage (#110265)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.5.rst

* The return type of :c:func:`uart_irq_update` is now ``void`` instead of ``int``.
  (:github:`105231`)

SPI
===

* For STM32 devices with :dtcompatible:`st,stm32h7-spi` the ``fifo-enable`` is removed. FIFO is now
  always used in polling and interrupt mode to enhance performance. A new ``st,fifo-threshold``

>   property is avalaible to set the desired size of the FIFO (default to 1).

Reviewer: Small reword of first and third sentence + typo fix (`avalaible` -> `available`) + add GH reference 
```suggestion
* The ``fifo-enable`` property of :dtcompatible:`st,stm32h7-spi` has been removed.
  FIFO is now always used in polling and interrupt mode to enhance performance.  A new property
  ``st,fifo-threshold`` property can be used to configure the FIFO size (default = 1). (:github:`110265`)
```

Author: Done, though slightly modified to not repeat property in last sentence ;)

  They are replaced by ``SPI_SILABS_SIWX91X_GSPI_DMA_DESCR_COUNT`` which allow to enable DMA and
  configure the descriptor count.

* The ``fifo-enable`` property of :dtcompatible:`st,stm32h7-spi` has been removed.
  FIFO is now always used in polling and interrupt mode to enhance performance.  A new property

>   ``st,fifo-threshold`` can be used to configure the FIFO size (default = 1). (:github:`110265`)

Author: Done
